This is the repository for Pump Pro Edits V3.9.
The website is at http://www.pumpproedits.com.
It is called as such because the players can now directly
contribute to how the website looks, feels, and behaves.

This is a CodeIgniter based project. More information can be
found at http://www.codeigniter.com if you are interested.
While this is designed to be a standard project, minor
configuration and setup is required to play around
with this website on your own computer.

1) The project uses MySQL by default. However,
neither the database nor database.php is included
in this repository. It is your responsibility
to set that up on your own.

2) In the root of this project, remember to create the
tmp folder. Give 777 permissions to
both of them. Windows users, you'll have to discover
the equivalent commands on your own.

As far as coding standards go, keep it legible. Using
unicode/utf-8 is recommended, as anyone from around the
world will be able to read and edit this code.
Tabs versus spaces, where braces go, etc, is not something
I care deeply about.

For the purposes of saving bandwidth, look into compressing
the files you use. CSS has a compressor and decompressor at
http://www.cssdrive.com/index.php/main/csscompressor/ and
http://mrcoles.com/blog/css-unminify/ respectively. Some
limited caching has also been implemented on the page to
try to cut down on bandwidth cost. If there is any other
caching that can be implemented, please look into it.

Try to use git's branching functionality when adding
new features. The master branch should really only contain
code that is guaranteed to run. Of course, mistakes happen,
but try to be careful.

Don't be afraid to use many different technologies either.
Presently, this website uses an SVG based Edit Creator
with hooks for AJAJ, JSON, jQuery, and Twitter. Take advantage
of what the web has to offer. If it is a standard technology
implemented by many web browsers, go ahead.

Thanks to the recent release of Internet Explorer 9,
testing on that browser has commenced to determine what
is possible with the web browser. At this time,
only the Edit Creator may need tinkering to get it to
work as intended. Hopefully that will be resolved soon.
Anyone that wishes to use Internet Explorer 8 and below
will be missing out due to the abundance of SVG technology
involved.

This website uses the GNU Affero GPL v3 license.
Complying with the Affero GPL is similar to complying to the 
GPL, but you must maintain a link to obtain the 
source code of the deployment you use. This means that if you make
modifications, you must pubically make them available, and
you must provide an opportunity to download the source code
of your version.

If there are any questions, feel free to contact me.

-- Jason "Wolfman2000" Felds


